README.md, before:

# Introduction
This is a basic starter for building out webpack 3 + react applications.    

It makes a few assumptions:    
- You may be wanting to render the application out to more than one location on a page.
- You plan to release a copy of your application into production usage so the config is split out to allow for this.
- You are working in a team that may have or does have both Windows and MAC dev machines.
- You are planning to use the BEM naming convention for all classNames prefixing them with your project
- You prefer using MobX over Redux for state management

# Install
**Before continuing**, if you do not plan to use client-side routing, open up `package.json` and delete the react-router entry from the Dependencies list.

To install, just run `npm i` in a terminal / cmd prompt at the project root directory

# Usage
Change the class name in `build/index.html` so it matches up with the one being passed as the value in the `src/index.js` file where **findAndRenderToTarget** is being called.

Search and Replace the project BEM prefix **bemprefix** with the BEM prefix you want to use for your project.

## TODO
- Implement Stylelint

Commit message:

included a tree store demo which is very efficient at Create operations, slightly less performant at Read Update and Delete operations where tree nodes need to be intelligently crawled in order to extract out specific bits of data (in an object store or similar, a direct reference to specific data via object properties is the fastest way)

README.md, after:

# Introduction
This is a basic starter for building out webpack 3 + react applications.    

It makes a few assumptions:    
- You may be wanting to render the application out to more than one location on a page.
- You plan to release a copy of your application into production usage so the config is split out to allow for this.
- You are working in a team that may have or does have both Windows and MAC dev machines.
- You are planning to use the BEM naming convention for all classNames prefixing them with your project
- You prefer using MobX over Redux for state management
- Stylelint was not included as it can be configured to work via a VS Code (and probably other editors) plugin

# Install
**Before continuing**, if you do not plan to use client-side routing, open up `package.json` and delete the react-router entry from the Dependencies list.

To install, just run `npm i` in a terminal / cmd prompt at the project root directory

# Usage
Change the class name in `build/index.html` so it matches up with the one being passed as the value in the `src/index.js` file where **findAndRenderToTarget** is being called.

Search and Replace the project BEM prefix **bemprefix** with the BEM prefix you want to use for your project.
